[deckhouse] Add annotation to apply DeckhouseRelease immediately (#6740)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/DECKHOUSE-FAQ.md

It is highly not recommended to disable automatic updates! It will block updates to patch releases that may contain critical vulnerabilities and bugs fixes.
{% endalert %}

> ### How to apply an update bypassing update windows?
> 
> To apply an update immediately, regardless update windows, set the `release.deckhouse.io/apply-now : "true"` annotation on the [DeckhouseRelease](modules/002-deckhouse/cr.html#deckhouserelease) resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How do I apply an update without having to wait for the update window?

To apply an update immediately without having to wait for the update window, set the `release.deckhouse.io/apply-now : "true"` annotation on the [DeckhouseRelease](modules/002-deckhouse/cr.html#deckhouserelease) resource.
```

> An example of the  command to set the annotation of skipping update windows for version `v1.56.2`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example of a command to set the annotation to skip the update windows for version `v1.56.2`:
```

```shell
kubectl annotate deckhousereleases v1.56.2 release.deckhouse.io/apply-now="true"
```

> An example of a resource with the annotation of skipping update windows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example of a resource with the update window skipping annotation in place:
```
